feat: Specify a hard lower limit for canister's freezing threshold (#5489)
dfinity/portal: docs/references/ic-interface-spec.md

-   `freezing_threshold` (`nat`)

>     Must be a number between 86400 (or equivalent of 1 day in seconds) and 2<sup>64</sup>-1, inclusively, and indicates a length of time in seconds.

Reviewer: Why a hard lower bound instead of relying on the unsafe settings flag to allow very low freezing threshold? It could be useful to have a freezing threshold of zero, e.g., to move all cycles out of a canister.

Author: There's general agreement internally that a freezing threshold of 0 (or anything below a day) is extremely dangerous and the added value of saving a few more cycles (like in the use case you describe) does not outweigh the risks. In fact, some people wanted to completely disallow anything below 2 weeks (or even 30 days) but that certainly felt way too aggressive.

Reviewer: Moving cycles out of a canister will anyway be facilitated by the new ic0.canister_liquid_cycle_balance128.

>     Values between 1 day and 2 weeks, or more formally any value in the range [1, 14) days, can only be set if the special `allow-unsafe-settings` is used in the relevant management canister APIs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Values between 1 day and 2 weeks, or more formally any value that is at least 1 day and less than 14 days, can only be set if the special `allow-unsafe-settings` is used in the relevant management canister APIs.
```

Reviewer: As one could interpret [1, 14) days as [1, 13] days.

>     Values between 1 day and 2 weeks, or more formally any value that is at least 1 day and less than 14 days, can only be set if the special `allow-unsafe-settings` is used in the relevant management canister APIs.

Reviewer: From the discussion in the Interface Spec meeting: how about introducing a "hard" lower bound of one week and dropping the "soft" lower bound (and the additional fields `allow_unsafe_settings`)?

Author: Sounds good to me. I'll update accordingly.

Author: Done.

Reviewer: Thank you!
